Privacy Policy of JanAid

1.	Context
1.1.	What is JanAid
i.	The domain name JanAid.in.panasonic.com as well as the software and application JanAid (“Platform”) is provided by Panasonic India, (hereinafter referred to as JanAid or “Company” or “We” or “Our” or “Us”). The Platform serves as a platform for providing information about medical practitioners, doctors and healthcare service providers to the patients etc. (“End Users” or “User”) in the nearby areas. Further, the Platform provides the Users with a platform for connecting with the medical practitioners in relation to their healthcare related requirements. [The Platform may be used by Users to connect with, and for booking appointments with the expert medical practitioners and hospitals in relation to their treatment or second opinion or for any other health related services (“Services”)].

ii.	CUSTOMER DATA: For providing its Services, JanAid shall host data and information. JanAid will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such End User data except as provided in the terms of use, or as may be required by law. Individual records of End User data may be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of booking appointments, sharing the medical records with the relevant medical practitioner or the hospital, resolving a problem, support issues, or suspected violation of the terms of use, or as may be required by law. If the appointments are booked through the Platform, the user name and phone number would be shared for operational purposes. The queries posed by the patient to doctors by the interface of Consultancy shall be kept confidential with such information being accessible only by JanAid and the doctors with whom the queries are shared. The Users through the Platform can book an appointment and visit the registered medical practitioner, who shall help the Users for further treatment, by booking appointments with relevant hospitals and health clinics as may be listed on the Platform. We would take all reasonable precautions for maintaining confidentiality of data of the Users.
iii.	JanAid can be reached, for all questions and directions related to this privacy policy, by:
a.	Sending a letter marked to the attention of  Admin; or
b.	Sending an email to Hello@JanAid.com.
1.2.	Why this privacy policy?
i.	This privacy policy is published in compliance of:
a.	Section 43A of the Information Technology Act, 2000;
b.	Regulation 4 of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Information) Rules, 2011 (the “SPI Rules”); and
c.	Regulation 3(1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011.
ii.	This privacy policy states the following:
a.	The type of information collected from the guests of the Platform and the End Users, including sensitive personal data or information;
b.	The purpose, means and modes of usage of such information; and
c.	How and to whom JanAid will disclose such information.
1.3.	What is personal information?
i.	“Personal information” is defined under the SPI Rules to mean any information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with a body corporate, is capable of identifying such person.
ii.	The SPI Rules further define “sensitive personal data or information” of a person to mean personal information about that person relating to:
a.	passwords;
b.	financial information such as bank accounts, credit and debit card details or other payment instrument details;
c.	physical, physiological and mental health condition;
d.	sexual orientation;
e.	medical records and history;
f.	biometric information;
g.	information received by body corporate under lawful contract or otherwise;
h.	guest details as provided at the time of registration or thereafter; and
i.	call data records.
iii.	Information that is freely available in the public domain or accessible under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law will not be regarded as sensitive personal data or information.
2.	Privacy Statements
2.1.	Terms for all Users:
i.	This section applies to all guests and End Users.
ii.	Accordingly, a condition of each User’s use of and access to the Platform and to the Services is their acceptance of the terms of use located at Part B below, which also involves acceptance of the terms of this privacy policy. Any User that does not agree with any provisions of the same is required to leave the Platform immediately.
iii.	In order to have access to the features and benefits on our Platform, a User must first create an account on our Platform. To create an account a User is required to provide the following information, which such User recognizes and expressly acknowledges is personal information allowing others, including JanAid, to identify the [User name, User ID, email address, country, ZIP/postal code, age, phone number, password chosen by the User and valid financial account information]. JanAid  may, in future, include other optional requests for information from the User to help JanAid to customize the Platform to deliver personalized information to the User. Without User’s agreement, [●] will not share, rent or sell any personal information with third parties in any way other than what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. However, JanAid can use the conclusions or inferences from the data for the purposes of advancement in businesses or for joint ventures or partnerships or merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
iv.	All the information provided to JanAid by a User, including sensitive personal information, is voluntary. User has the right to withdraw his/her/its consent at any time, in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy and the terms of use, but please note that withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.
v.	User can access, modify, correct and eliminate the data about him/her/it which has been collected pursuant to his/her/its decision to become a User. If User updates any of his/her/its information, JanAid may keep a copy of the information which User originally provided to JanAid in its archives for uses documented herein. JanAid takes User’s rights seriously and encourages User to use them if User deems this to be appropriate. User may exercise these rights by emailing JanAid at hello@JanAid.com.
vi.	All the information provided to JanAid by a User, including Personal Information or any Sensitive Personal Data or Information, is voluntary. You understand that JanAid may use certain information of yours, which has been designated as Personal Information or ‘Sensitive Personal Data or Information’ under the SPI Rules, (a) for the purpose of providing you the Services, (b) for commercial purposes and in an aggregated or non-personally identifiable form for research, statistical analysis and business intelligence purposes, (c) for sale or transfer of such research, statistical or intelligence data in an aggregated or non-personally identifiable form to third parties and affiliates (d) for communication purpose so as to provide the End User a better way of booking appointments and for obtaining feedback in relation to the medical practitioners and their practice, (e) debugging customer support related issues. JanAid also reserves the right to use information provided by or about the End User for the following purposes:
(a)	Preparing medical records for providing the Services.
(b)	Contacting End-Users for offering new products or services.
(c)	Contacting End-Users for taking product and Service feedback.
(d)	Analyzing software usage patterns for improving product design and utility.
(e)	Analyzing anonymized practice information for commercial use.
vii.	Due to the communications standards on the Internet, when a User visits the Platform, JanAid may receive the URL of the sites from and to which such User navigates.  JanAid also receives the Internet Protocol (IP) address of each User’s computer (or the proxy server a User used to access the World Wide Web), User’s computer operating system and type of web browser the User is using, email patterns, as well as the name of User’s ISP. This information is used to analyze overall trends to help JanAid improve its Service. The linkage between User’s IP address and User’s personally identifiable information is not shared with third-parties without such User’s permission or except when required by law.
viii.	[The Platform uses temporary cookies to store certain data (that is not sensitive personal data or information) that is used by JanAid and its service providers for the technical administration of the Platform, research and development, and for User administration. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to its Users, JanAid may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on the User’s browser. JanAid does not store personally identifiable information in the cookies.]
ix.	JanAid may keep records (including medical records) of the patients, prescriptions, advices, consultations rendered by the doctors to the patients for the purposes of administration of Services, research and development, for User administration and as required under applicable laws.
x.	JanAid may keep records of telephone calls received and made for making appointments or other purposes for the purpose of administration of Services, research and development and for User administration.
xi.	JanAid allows other companies, to serve advertisements to the Users. These companies include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms.  JanAid may "target" some ads to User that fit a certain general profile. [●] does NOT use personally identifiable information to target ads.
xii.	This privacy policy applies to the Platform.  JanAid does not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within its Services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on the Users’ computer or mobile device, collect data or solicit personal information from the Users, for which JanAid is not responsible or liable. Accordingly, JanAid does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such websites, nor does  JanAid guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such websites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by JanAid of the website, the website's provider, or the information on the website.
xiii.	 JanAid does not collect information about the Users of the Platform from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organisations, save and except for the purposes of registration of the End Users (the collection, storage and disclosure of which each End User must agree to under the terms of use in order for JanAid to effectively render the Services).
xiv.	 JanAid does not knowingly collect personal data from children.
xv.	JanAid will not disclose any personal information or data to governmental institutions or authorities unless such disclosure is requisitioned under any Indian law or judicial decree or when JanAid, in its sole discretion, deems it necessary in order to protect its rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud and credit risk, or to enforce or apply Our terms of use.
xvi.	In addition, User agrees that We are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that User authorizes to access its/his/her content. If the User is using a third-party website or service and allows them to access its/his/her content, such User shall do so at its/his/her own risk.
xvii.	JanAid addresses any discrepancies and grievances of all Users with respect to processing of information in a time bound manner. For this purpose, JanAid has designated hello@JanAid.com as the Grievance Officer, who will redress the grievances of the Users expeditiously but within 1 (one) month from the date of receipt of grievance, and who can be reached by:
a.	Sending a letter marked to the attention of  hello@JanAid.com; or
b.	Sending an email to hello@JanAid.com.
2.2.	Privacy Terms Applicable for End Users:
i.	As part of the registration/application creation and submission process that is available to End Users on the Platform, certain information, including sensitive personal data or information is collected from the End Users.
ii.	All the statements in this privacy policy apply to all End Users, and all End Users are therefore required to read and understand the privacy statements set out herein prior to submitting any sensitive personal data or information to the Company, failing which they are required to leave the Platform immediately.
iii.	If you have inadvertently submitted any such information to JanAid prior to reading the privacy statements set out herein, and you do not agree with the manner in which such information is collected, stored or used, then you may send an email to [insert email address]to modify or remove the same. In addition, any End User can ask JanAid, by sending an email to [insert email address] whether JanAid is keeping personal data about him/her, and every End User is also entitled to require JanAid to delete and destroy all such information relating to him/her (but not other End Users) in its possession.
iv.	Users’ personally identifiable information they choose to provide on the Platform is used to help the Users describe / identify themselves. Other information that does not personally identify the Users as an individual, is collected by JanAid from Users (such as, patterns of utilization described above) and is exclusively owned by JanAid. JanAid may also use such information in an aggregated or non-personally identifiable form for research, statistical analysis and business intelligence purposes, and may sell or otherwise transfer such research, statistical or intelligence data in an aggregated or non-personally identifiable form to third parties and affiliates. If JanAid wishes to use any End User’s personal data for a new purpose, it will seek such End User’s permission before doing so. JanAid will communicate with the Users through email and notices posted on the Platform or through other means available through the service, including text and other forms of messaging. The Users can change their e-mail and contact preferences by sending an email to [insert email address].
v.	JanAid may conduct a User survey to collect information about Users' preferences. These surveys may be optional and if Users choose to respond, their responses will be kept anonymous. Similarly, JanAid at times may offer contests to qualifying Users in which we ask for contact and demographic information such as name, email address and mailing address. None of this information is shared with third parties, except for with consent of the User. The demographic information that the Platform collects in the registration process and through surveys is used to help the Platform improve its Services to meet the needs and preferences of Users. This may include targeting advertising to Users about Our Services. Information we gather through a contest may also be disclosed to third parties, as necessary, for prize fulfillment and other aspects of any contest or similar offering. The User specifically agrees that the Users information may be shared with the relevant medical practitioners in relation to treatment or health related services provided by such medical practitioners and hospitals to the User.
vi.	All employees and data processors of JanAid, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of sensitive personal data or information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of every End User’s sensitive personal data and information.
vii.	We may also disclose or transfer User’s personal and other information a User provides, to another third party as part of merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets of any division of the Company or the Company as a whole. Any third party to which the Company transfers or sells its assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that a User provide to Us.
viii.	To the extent necessary to provide Users with the Services on the Platform, We may provide their Personal Information to third party contractors who work on behalf of or with the Company to provide Users with such services, to help Us communicate with Users or to maintain the Platform. Generally, these contractors do not have any independent right to share this information, however certain contractors who provide services on the Platform or the Users, including the providers of online communications services, will have rights to use and disclose the Personal Information collected in connection with the provision of these services in accordance with their own privacy policies.
3.	Registration Process
3.1.	Eligibility: Please note that to register with the Platform and to enter into a valid contract with Us, User should be eligible to enter into and perform legally binding contracts under Indian Contract Act, 1872. The Company shall not be held responsible and/or liable if the User provides any false information regarding its/his/her age. The Company can delete any Users account/take all necessary steps, if We become aware that User is not eligible and has provided Us with false personal information.
3.2.	As part of the registration process, JanAid collects the following personal information from End Users
i.	Name;
ii.	User ID;
iii.	Email address;
iv.	Address (including country and ZIP/postal code);
v.	Gender;
vi.	Age;
vii.	Phone number;
viii.	Password chosen by the User;
ix.	Valid financial account information; and
x.	Other details as the End User may volunteer.
3.3.	All the information listed in section 3.1 of this privacy policy (“End User Information”) is maintained by the Platform in electronic form on its equipment, and on the equipment of its employees. End User Information may also be converted to physical form from time to time. Regardless of the manner of storage, We will keep all End User Information confidential, and will only disclose End User Information in the following manner:
i.	The Company makes all End User Information accessible to its employees only on a need-to-know basis, and binds all such employees to strict confidentiality obligations.
Notwithstanding the above, We shall not be responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Users’ personal data or events that are beyond the reasonable control of the Company including, but not limited to, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, poor quality of Internet service or telephone service of the User etc.
4.	Contact Information
4.1 	If any User has any question, issue, complaint regarding any of our Services, please contact our customer service at 1800-2585-677.
4.2	If a User has any questions concerning JanAid, the Platform, this Agreement, or anything related to any of the foregoing, JanAid can be reached at the following email address - [insert email address].
5.	Change to privacy policy
4.1	The Users acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the terms of use and unconditionally agree that becoming a User of the Platform and its Services signifies their assent to this Privacy Policy. User’s visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this policy and terms of use. We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without advance notice. In the event there are significant changes in the way JanAid treats User’s personally identifiable information, a notice will be displayed on the Platform or We may send Users an email, as provided for above. Unless stated otherwise, this current Privacy Policy applies to all information that JanAid has about Users and their account.
4.2	If a User uses the Service after notice of changes have been sent to such User or published on the Platform, such User hereby provides his/her/its consent to the changed practices.
